Tianna yeah you're gonna walk out the
door and then walk back in talking just
kind of be don't be overly exuberant but
be a little like you're happy to see us
okay bark good let him let him be
natural for a minute go ahead
hold on good job and she wasn't ready
we're gonna try it again but he did good
wasn't your fault
[Music]
good okay barb stop moving from it you
you can face the door just not moving
cut oh yeah t walk out again okay good
start walking pretty good that's good
good beep okay do doing for your teeth
this time walk in and we'll just start
walking right this way okay hey barb
stop for a second please okay walk in
stop T yes there you go guys
that's what I wanted good
okay T let's do that again
[Music]
that was it okay stop thinking for a
minute please
Katie walk right up
that's good T so T if for some reason he
starts coming towards you just just
completely ignore him yeah
don't walk away just you gets nothing
from me okay let's walk in and walk out
this time or walk out let's walk in
let's be a little bit quicker this time
like walking a little bit more briskly
yep come on in little quicker a little
quicker a little quicker that's good oh
very good
good job thank you t do you see that
chair right there yep we've sit in it
either one of those there you go well um
we toss your keys up and down just kind
of play catch with them good okay what T
put your drink down please Cindy will
you stand up T will you stand up where's
your Tiger teeth
hold on one second okay dude here it
took it just puffs tops and tugged back
and forth for a minute
Cindy let it fall
Cindy next time miss it oh you missed it
good good Cindy can you come this way a
little bit they're gonna toss that
Tootsie
yeah that's good